Added Keynote Announcement for Naomi Ceder (#313)
pythonindia/inpycon-blog: content/blog/2020-Announcing-Keynote-Speaker-for-PyconIndia-2020-Naomi.md

Title:Announcing Keynote Speaker for PyCon India 2020 - Naomi Ceder
Date: 2020-09-03 17:00
Author: Ramya K (@Ramya0701)
Category: 2020
Slug: 2020-keynote-announcement-naomi-ceder

> Summary: We are happy to announce that **Naomi Ceder** is a Keynote speaker for Pycon India 2020!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Summary: We are happy to announce that **Naomi Ceder** is a Keynote speaker for PyCon India 2020!
```

> Summary: We are happy to announce that **Naomi Ceder** is a Keynote speaker for Pycon India 2020!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Summary: We are happy to announce **Naomi Ceder** as a Keynote speaker for Pycon India 2020!
```

> We are happy to announce that **Naomi Ceder** is a Keynote speaker for Pycon India 2020!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are happy to announce that **Naomi Ceder** is a Keynote speaker for PyCon India 2020!
```

> We are happy to announce that **Naomi Ceder** is a Keynote speaker for Pycon India 2020!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We are happy to announce **Naomi Ceder** as a Keynote speaker for Pycon India 2020!
```

Naomi Ceder earned a Ph.D in Classics several decades ago, but switched from ancient human languages to computer languages sometime in the last century. Since 2001, she has been learning, teaching, writing about, and using Python.

An elected fellow of the [Python Software Foundation](https://www.python.org/psf), Naomi is the immediate past chair of its board of directors. She also speaks internationally about the Python community, and on inclusion and diversity in technology in general.

By day she leads a team of Python programmers for [Dick Blick Art Materials](https://www.dickblick.com/), and in her spare time she enjoys sketching, knitting, and deep philosophical conversations with her dog.

> She can be reached at her twitter handle: [@NaomiCeder](https://twitter.com/naomiceder)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
She can be reached at her Twitter handle: [@NaomiCeder](https://twitter.com/naomiceder)
```
